NCAA Football 06 - NEXT
Uniform Patch for ISO/Disc

This method creates a modified NCAA 06 Football ISO file for correcting number placement on uniforms and helmets. It is not required, however will improve visual defects on updated uniforms.

You can patch this ISO at the same time as patching it for the Dynasty Scheduling mod.


Tools Required:
To start, you will need to download an Disc Burning tool. I prefer this free software called ImgBurn.

https://www.imgburn.com/index.php?act=download


Instructions:

1. Find your NCAA 06 ISO file and double click it in Windows. This will create a new virtual drive.

2. Create a new folder anywhere on your computer, and call it "NCAA06" or whatever you like.

3. Open the new Virtual Disc drive. Copy the entire contents into the NCAA06 folder created in Step 2.

4. Take the STRMDATA.DB file in this patch folder, and replace the file in "NCAA06" located in its DATA folder. Optionally, you can just drag the DATA folder into the NCAA06 folder and it'll replace it as well.

5. Now open ImgBurn.

6. Click CREATE IMAGE FROM FILES/FOLDERS on the middle-right side.

7. On the left hand side, click the folder search icon ("Browse for a Folder") and select the NCAA06 root folder.

8. Click the Create ISO icon at the bottom left. Its the icon that looks like a folder pointing to a CD image.

9. Click through the prompts, choose a name for the ISO, and wait for the app to create a new ISO file.

10. Now you can start PCSX2 with the new ISO created!

Hooray!



Patch Update Notes:

New for V10
Added Names Database to file
Added Player Model adjustments to all recruits
Updated Conference/US States alignment
Patches for number placement to remove jersey decals completely. Bowl games still show up however.

New for V9
Fixes for Conf USA, Sun Belt and Independent FBS schools that are in NCAA 06

New for V8
Kent State
Nebraska
Northern Illinois

New Uniform Patches for V7
San Diego State
Utah State
Colorado State


Teams Updated as of 5/29/2022 (V6)
Washington
West Virginia
Duke
Iowa State
Wake Forest
Pitt
Mississippi St
Ball State
Ohio
Oregon State
Texas
Kansas
Purdue
Baylor
Miami
Texas Tech




If you have requested changes, please fill out this sheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18zHdlEUDCIbF722Oe_-YOsQNOdChsykrFL7n4ia_zZY/edit?usp=sharing


-Antdroid